Update full tutorials from develop (#567)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/tutorials/complete_applications/complete_application/step_03/ReadMe.md

Reviewer: Please rename the file step_03.md

> > You can download the full code [here](https://github.com/Avaiga/taipy-getting-started/tree/develop/src).

Reviewer: obsolete link

> # Configuration of scenario

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Scenario
```

- Taipy efficiently manages the execution of your functions/pipelines.

- Taipy manages data sources and monitors KPIs.

> - Taipy provides an easy management of multiple pipelines and end-user scenarios which comes in handy in the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Taipy provides an ease the management of your pipeline executions which comes in handy in the 
```

  context of Machine Learning or Mathematical optimization.

> To apprehend the Scenario Management aspect of Taipy, you need to understand four essential concepts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To apprehend what is a _Scenario_, you need to understand the _Data node_ and _Task_ concepts.
```

> ![Configuration](config_toml.png){ width=300 style="margin:auto;display:block" }
> 
> ## Configuration [Basics](https://docs.taipy.io/en/latest/manuals/core/concepts/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The configuration consists of defining Data Nodes and Tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- [**Data Nodes**](https://docs.taipy.io/en/latest/manuals/core/concepts/data-node/): are the translation of variables in 

>   Taipy. Data Nodes don't contain the data itself but know how to retrieve it. They can refer to any kind of data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Taipy. Data Nodes don't contain the data itself but point to the data and know how to 
    retrieve it. Data Nodes can point to various data source types, (CSV files, Pickle files,
    databases, etc.) and can represent any Python variable (integer, string, data frames, 
    lists, etc.) To configure a Data Node, the developer specifies the storage type of each 
    Data Node and its _Scope_.

    - **Storage Type**: Specifies the storage type for the Data Node, e.g., CSV file, Pickle
        file, etc. The initial dataset, for example, is a CSV file with storage_type="csv".
    
    - **Scope**: Defines the scope of the Data Node. There are three types of scope in the
        code: Scenario, Cycle, and Global scope.

        1. `Scope.SCENARIO` (default): Having one data node for each scenario.

        2. `Scope.CYCLE`: Extend the scope by sharing data nodes across all scenarios of a
            given cycle.

        3. `Scope.GLOBAL`: Finally, extend the scope globally (across all scenarios of all 
            cycles). For example, the initial/historical dataset is usually shared by all 
            the scenarios/pipelines/cycles. It is unique in the entire application.
```

> - [**Tasks**](https://docs.taipy.io/en/latest/manuals/core/concepts/task/): are the translation of functions in Taipy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Tasks**](https://docs.taipy.io/en/latest/manuals/core/concepts/task/): are the translation of functions in Taipy where their inputs and outputs are data nodes.
```

> - [**Scenarios**](https://docs.taipy.io/en/latest/manuals/core/concepts/scenario/): Together, they create a graph that maps the execution flow which is called scenario. End-Users very often require modifying 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Scenarios**](https://docs.taipy.io/en/latest/manuals/core/concepts/scenario/):
Scenarios are created by combining Data Nodes and Tasks to form a graph that maps the 
execution flow. End-Users very often require modifying 
```

>   various parameters to reflect different business situations. Taipy Scenarios will provide the framework to 
>   "play"/"execute" pipelines under different conditions/variations (i.e. data/parameters modified by the end-user)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  input data or parameters to reflect different business situations. Taipy provide the 
  framework to play/execute scenarios under different situations (i.e. various 
  data/parameters values set by end-users).
  
  In an ML context, it is common to have numerous training and testing models. In this
  tutorial, we configure a scenario that predict on a given **day** the values for the
  following days using two models: a baseline and a ML model. In this tutorial we
  configure the scenario represented by the following graph where data nodes are in blue 
  and tasks in orange.
  
  ![image](insert whole graph here)
  
```

> ## Data Nodes Configuration
> Data Nodes can point to various data sources, such as Python variables, CSV files, Pickle files, SQL databases, etc. During Data Node configuration, the developer specifies the type or format of each Data Node, along with its scope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Data Nodes Configuration

```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Parameters for Data Node configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - Storage Type: Specifies the storage type for the Data Node, e.g., CSV file, Pickle file, etc. The initial dataset, for example, is a CSV file with storage_type="csv".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - Scope: Defines the scope of the Data Node. There are three types of scope in the code: Global, Scenario, and Pipeline scope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 1- `Scope.SCENARIO` (default): Having one data node for each scenario.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 2- `Scope.CYCLE`: Extend the scope by sharing data nodes across all scenarios of a given cycle.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 3- `Scope.GLOBAL`: Finally, extend the scope globally (across all scenarios of all cycles). For example, the initial/historical dataset is usually shared by all the scenarios/pipelines/cycles. It is unique in the entire application.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> In a ML context, it is common to have numerous training and testing pipelines for different algorithms. Here, we configure two pipelines that predict on a given **day** the values for the following days either with ML or Baseline model:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In an ML context, it is common to have numerous training and testing models. In this 
tutorial, we configure a scenario that predict on a given **day** the values for the
following days using two models: a baseline and a ML model. The graph below represents the scenario to configure, where tasks are in orange and data nodes in blue.
```

> - Retrieval of the initial dataset,
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - Data Cleaning,
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - Predictions (for *number of predictions*) from **day** onwards. In our example, predictions represents the number 
>   of items sold in a given store on a 15-min basis.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - Creation of metrics and of a dataset for visualization.
> 
> -------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ### Remaining Data Nodes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Intermediate and output Data Nodes
```

- *cleaned_dataset* is the dataset after cleaning (after the `clean_data()` function).

> - *predictions* are the predictions of the model. In this pipeline, it will be the output of the `predict_baseline()` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *predictions* are the predictions of the model. In this scenario, it will be the output of the `predict_baseline()` 
```

>   function. Each pipeline will create its own *prediction* Data Node hence `scope=Scope.PIPELINE`.

Reviewer: Oulala!

```python
## Remaining Data Nodes
cleaned_dataset_cfg = Config.configure_data_node(id="cleaned_dataset",
                                                 scope=Scope.GLOBAL) 

predictions_cfg = Config.configure_data_node(id="predictions")
```

> 

Reviewer: So we don't talk about the other data nodes prediction_ml and dataset_for_visualization? We may want at least to say a word saying we should do the same for the other data nodes, no? Otherwise it is not consistent with previous stepor the entire code provided.

## Task Configuration

Tasks are the translation of functions in Taipy. Each task has an ID, a function, inputs, and outputs.

### clean_data_task

> The first task that you want to create is your `clean_data()` task. It will take your initial dataset (input Data Node), clean it (calling the `clean_data()` function) and generate the cleaned dataset Data Node. This task will only execute once thanks to the skippability feature of Taipy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first task that you want to create is your `clean_data()` task. It will take your initial
dataset (input Data Node), clean it (calling the `clean_data()` function) and generate the 
cleaned dataset Data Node. This task will only execute once thanks to the skippability feature of Taipy.
```
